c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.dll
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Needletail.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.dll
c:\users\alfredo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Needletail.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.pdb
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.dll
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.dll
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Needletail.DataAccess.dll
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.dll
F:\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Needletail.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.dll
C:\Users\aguzman\Desktop\PracticaNeedletail\BL\obj\Debug\BL.pdb
